There are many options to consider 
when someone you love needs help.
Together we will create the solution
that’s just right for you.
Do you have a family member
in need of care?
8501 Mayland Dr. Ste. 103A
Richmond, V A 23294

At Door Healthcare is dedicated
to helping seniors continue to 
experience the richness of life.There's No Place Like Home. Too often
senior family members are obligated to move out of
their homes because of their frailty or other medical
conditions that would make It unsafe for them to live
at home alone. Candid Home Care V A, LLC DBA At
Door Healthcare gives seniors the option to live
independently in the comfort of their own homes by
providing them assistance with activities of daily
living. Three essential questions to ask to ensure the
company you choose has a strong set of core values:
*Communication - Will I be able to easily
communicate with the Personal Care
Attendant and have continued access to my Care
Manager? This is the core of At Door Healthcare's
approach. We believe that you should never feel there
is a lack of control or communication with your
Personal Care Attendant. For this reason, you are
assigned a Care Manager who is always available.
*Integrity - Has a sense of trust been established?
At At Door Healthcare, we believe this is the key to a
comfortable relationship and the well-being of the
client. That's why we carefully screen all our Personal
Care Attendants and provide a written contract.
*Performance - Am I confident I will get the
professional care promised and that there will be
accountability and follow up? Home Care is
dynamic; a family's needs can change daily. You
chose home care to allow your loved one to remain
independent and retain their quality of life, not to
endure more paperwork and problem solving. We
make a simple promise: we will be there for your
family If you"re not satisfied, we will work with you
until you are.We Provide Professional Assistance With:
▪Bathing, Dressing, Personal Hygiene
▪Companionship
▪Incontinence Care, Toileting
▪Bed/Wheel Chair Transfers
▪Light Housekeeping and Laundry
▪Respite Care
▪Medication Reminders
▪Transportation, Running Errands
▪Meal Preperation, Feeding Assistance
▪Daily Activities
▪Assisted Living Placement
▪Financing Long Term Care
Our Personal Care Attendants are carefully hand
picked. Background and reference
checks are performed. Prior work experience and
skills are validated. In addition, each
Personal Care Attendant Is an employee
of At Door Healthcare and is covered by
professional liability, bonding, and workers'
compensation insurance. All of this allows our clients
to enjoy safe and quality care they can trust. Contact
us today to get help now.
At Door Healthcare
Phone: (804)302-HOPE
Fax: (804)348-2782
8501 Mayland Dr. Ste 103A
Richmond, V A 23294
info@atdoorhc.com
www.atdoorhc.com